Mewbot discord dice roller example plugin (#195)
mewbotorg/mewbot: dev-docs/plugin-dev-notes/README.md

I will write a plugin which will present a new IOConfig in `mewbot.io`

For further information on how to write namespace plugins, please see the python core documentation - [python namespace plugin docs](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/packaging-namespace-packages/).

#### 2) Creating tools for bots

If, on the other hand, you want to write some tools which bots _themselves_ will use, then you probably want to write a **mewbot bot plugin**.

This would be a plugin for mewbot which does not add to the core module namespace.
It might include detailed Triggers, Conditions and Actions that you will use to build your bot via yaml.

It might even include custom IOConfigs.
Though, if you're going to the effort of writing one, please consider either
1) extending an existing IOConfig with new capabilities
2) writing a framework plugin to expose your IOConfig more broadly.

### Which one should I use?

As a rule of thumb
1) If the plugin components should appear in the core namespace, write a **framework plugin**
2) If the plugin components are to support a specific bot or a collection of bots, then write a **bot plugin**

E.g.

#### Example 1

> "I want to allow mewbot to talk to mastadon"
> 
> Probably write a **framework** plugin.
> 
> In fact, please do!
> That would really be very helpful.
> 
> Your generic IOConfig will take the form of a namespace plugin.
> It will be used by importing it using something like
> 
> ```python
> from mewbot.io.mastadon import MastadonIOConfig
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"I want to allow mewbot to talk to mastodon"

Probably write a **framework** plugin.

In fact, please do!
That would really be very helpful.

Your generic IOConfig will take the form of a namespace plugin.
It will be used by importing it using something like

```python
from mewbot.io.mastodon import MastodonIOConfig
```
```

Author: I've gone through and re-written this section to be more definite "probably write" has become "write" - in line with the suggestion below.

#### Example 2

"I've written a discord dice roller! I'd like to distribute it."

> Probably write a **bot** plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write a **bot** plugin.
```

It is my opinion these should be definitives rather than have wiggle room; but that's potentially on me.
Would there be a reason we make a discord dice roller as part of the framework vs a plugin?

Author: Agreed - implemented throughout the docs.
